Adds migration guide from v1 to v2 (#406)
freenowtech/wave: docs/migrating.storybook.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';

import { PlacementMappingsTable } from './components/migration/PlacementMappingsTable';
import { InvertedPropMigrationTable } from './components/migration/InvertedPropMigrationTable';
import { IconMappingsTable } from './components/migration/IconMappingsTable';
import { CssVariablesMigrationTable } from './components/migration/CssVariablesMigrationTable';

<Meta title="Migration to v2" />

# From v1 to v2

Prerequisites:

-   your project must use React@18;
-   React is mounted to the DMT using [new `createRoot` API](https://react.dev/blog/2022/03/08/react-18-upgrade-guide#updates-to-client-rendering-apis).

## 1️⃣ Connect Classic colors

> Version 2 provides two [color themes](?path=/docs/essentials-colors--docs) of the interface.

Reviewer: nit: I find it a bit confusing to read "themes of the interface", is it referring to UI? Can we remove "of the interface" or replace it with UI?

Run all codemods at once against all the files in the `src` folder:

npm

```bash
npx @freenow/wave run_v2_migration src/**/*
```

Yarn

```bash
yarn exec node_modules/.bin/run_v2_migration src/**/*
```

This command also accepts [jscodeshift's CLI options](https://github.com/facebook/jscodeshift?tab=readme-ov-file#usage-cli). If you prefer to run codemods one by one, you'll find individual commands in the [Breaking Changes section](#breaking-changes).

## 3️⃣ Verify it works

Run your application. You should see all the elements displayed and colored the same as in v1.

Run the following command in the devtool's console to verify everything works well:

```js
getComputedStyle(document.documentElement).getPropertyValue('--wave-b-color-black')
    ? console.log('%c🌊 Wave 2.0 is here', 'color: green;font-size: 1.2rem;')
    : console.log('%c🔴 Something is wrong, let us know at #ask-wave', 'color:red;font-size: 1.2rem;');
```

Other ways to verify the migration is done:

-   you will see the `--wave` CSS variables in dev tools;
-   if your OS switches between light and dark schemes, the UI will switch to the dark scheme too (you can enforce it in dev tools);

> In case it doesn't work, reach #ask-wave Slack channel for help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case it doesn't work, reach out to the #ask-wave Slack channel for help.
```

Consider the role the color fulfils in your use case, and pick the matching variable from several semantic groups:

-   _foreground_ for texts and icons;
-   _background_ for background of elements and surfaces;
-   _border_;
-   _shadow_.

The list of semantic variables is available at [the colors page](?path=/docs/essentials-colors--docs),
but we recommend using a typed `getSemanticValue` helper instead of hardcoding variable names (they are long).

<CssVariablesMigrationTable />

### Set the default page background to Wave's

Wave has several CSS variables for page background color because of the dark/light schemes.
We automatically set the background color to the `body`, but you probably have it set too.
If so, delete your manual page background setting or set it to `getSemanticValue('background-page-default')`.

### Clean `inverted` props migration

If you used `inverted` prop extensively, you will see that each component is now wrapped into `<InvertedColorScheme>` component.
This is not required, you can wrap multiple components at once and avoid duplication (`InvertedColorScheme` is `Box` with a special class name):

<InvertedPropMigrationTable />

### Review `ref` usages

> We changed the place where `ref` is attached to the form components `Input`, `Password`, `PhoneInput`, etc.

Reviewer: In the case of the `PhoneInput` we are not forwarding the ref, we only had to change it since it has imperative behaviour on it's internal `Input` component. The change should be transparent to our users so I think we don't need to mention it.
```suggestion
We changed the place where the `ref` is attached to the form components `Input` and `Password`.
```
